# FTH Generator

This program was used during the first round of the Fandom Trumps Hate auction (see references for more information on the auction itself). It reads from a .csv file containing the responses to the FTH sign-up form (created using Google forms), and prints an HTML template with answers pre-filled that can be copy-pasted into a new Tumblr post, thereby eliminating the tedious process of filling in values for individual forms by hand.

## Installation

The source code for this project is here:
<br/>https://github.com/Cathfish/doll-smuggler<br/>
Clone the whole repository and navigate to the repository directory. Make sure your intended input file finds its way into this directoyry.<br/>

## Usage

To generate HTML forms: <br/>
./generate < INPUT-FILE > OUTPUT-FILE<br/>
where INPUT-FILE is a .csv file generated by exporting the Google Forms responses and OUTPUT-FILE is the desired output location.<br/>

Alternatively, run:<br/>
./generate < INPUT-FILE <br/>
to print the results directly to the terminal.
<br/>
See Example.csv and ExampleOut.txt for example input and output, or try running<br/>
./generate < Example.csv > ExampleOut.txt <br/>
for yourself.

### Future features

This year, the sign-up forms were created prior to the consideration to use tech to speed up the data entry process. Next year, a new sign-up that is less prone to unpredictably structured answers will be released, and this program will be updated to reflect the more general format.

This also needs a test suite.

### References

About Fandom Trumps Hate: <a href="https://fandomtrumpshate.tumblr.com/FAQ" target="_blank">FAQ page</a><br/>